this is the story of a Palestinian
refugee in Lebanon it's also the story
of the Palestinians trapped in
Gaza Ali Muhammad naar waits for news
from his brother or sister or anyone in
his
family his greatest fear is that they're
the next victims of Israel's war on the
Strip the last time I spoke to my
brother's son he told me many of the
family are now in RAF that was 15 days
ago I haven't spoken to my brother in
two months I'm not able to reach them
Communications are bad what's happening
to the people in Gaza is the biggest
crime at least 200 members of his
extended family have been killed in
Israeli strikes in the past 5
months they're originally from yafa in
what is now Israel first displaced to
Gaza and now displaced by War for many
Gaza is all that's left of
Palestine the resistance is our only
hope we have been abandoned by Arab
leaders but the resistance is still
strong and we know we won't be defeated
Israel wants to push the Palestinians
from Gaza they won't be able to do
that in this Camp there's support for
what Hamas called the el- AA flood
attack against Israel on October 7 they
say it was in response to the yearslong
tight blockade on the strip and the
collective punishment of the
population conditions in Gaza they say
were unbearable just like their lives in
Exile little has changed for
Palestinians since they were forced to
flee from their homes when Israel was
created in 1948 they've only known a
life of displacement and remain
stateless marginalized and poor with an
uncertain future
Palestinians in Lebanon struggle they
are banned from many professions the
majority have endured suffering for the
past 76
years I cry every night I'm very worried
about my brother and my sister and their
families so many of our family are still
under Rubble they could still be
alive what is alive is the struggle for
a Palestinian Homeland for those in
Exile there is no other option they say
this is a fight for existence Zak Al
jaaz badawi Camp Northern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer